Text: Town and Country Planning Act 1990 GRANT OF PLANNING PERMISSION Town and Country Planning Act 1990 GRANT OF PLANNING PERMISSION

Text: Town and Country Planning Act 1990 GRANT OF PLANNING PERMISSION Name and Address of Applicant Name and Address of Agent N/A Mr Ross Fraser Orchard Street Investment Management Montagu Evans Limited 70 St Mary Axe C/o Agent London EC3A 8BE

Text: Part I – Particulars of Application Part I – Particulars of Application

Text: Application Number: 107193/FUL/22 Application Number: 107193/FUL/22

Text: Unit 4, Altrincham Retail Park, George Richards Way, Altrincham, WA14 5GR Unit 4, Altrincham Retail Park, George Richards Way, Altrincham, WA14 5GR

Text: Unit 4, Altrincham Retail Park, George Richards Way, Altrincham, WA14 5GR Minor external alterations to the elevations and site layout, including the creation of a new 'plant zone' enclosure within the service yard and additional bollards to the front of the unit.

Text: Part II – Particulars of Decision Part II – Particulars of Decision

Text: Part II – Particulars of Decision That Trafford Council hereby gives notice in pursuance of the provisions of the Town and Country Planning Act that PERMISSION HAS BEEN GRANTED for the carrying out of the development referred to in Part 1 hereof in accordance with the application and plans submitted and the following condition(s):

Text: CONDITIONS: CONDITIONS:

Text: CONDITIONS: 1 The development must be begun not later than three years beginning with the date of this permission.

Text: CONDITIONS: Reason: Required to be imposed by Section 91 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990, as amended by Section 51 of the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004.

Text: CONDITIONS: 2 The development hereby permitted shall not be carried out except in complete accordance with the details shown on the submitted plans, numbers: 16322-123; 16322-122; 16322-120 Rev A; and 16322-119.

Text: CONDITIONS: Reason: To clarify the permission, having regard to Policy L7 of the Trafford Core Strategy and the National Planning Policy Framework.

Text: CONDITIONS: APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: CONDITIONS: APFULZ

Text: CONDITIONS: stephenda

Text: CONDITIONS: 3 The development hereby permitted shall be constructed entirely of the materials details which are shown on plan Nos: 16322-122; 16322-123; and 16322-120 Rev A.

Text: CONDITIONS: Reason: To ensure that the appearance of the development is acceptable, having regard to Policies L7 of the Trafford Core Strategy, and the National Planning Policy Framework.

Text: CONDITIONS: 4 (i) Notwithstanding the provisions of the Town and Country Planning (General Permitted Development) Order 2015 (or any equivalent Order following the amendment, re-enactment or revocation thereof), no plant or equipment shall be installed within the plant zone hereby permitted (as shown on drawing number 16322-120 Rev A) unless a Noise and Vibration Impact Assessment (NVIA) has first been submitted to and approved in writing by the local planning authority.

Text: CONDITIONS: (ii) The NVIA shall identify any noise and vibration impacts of the proposed plant and equipment and shall assess how these will impact on any sensitive receptors in the vicinity. The assessment should demonstrate how any proposed plant and equipment complies with the following: The rating level (LAeq,T) from all fixed plant and machinery associated with the development, when operating simultaneously, shall be 10dB below the background noise level (LA90,T) at any time when measured at the nearest noise sensitive premises at the quietest time that the equipment would be operating/in use.

Text: CONDITIONS: Noise measurements and assessments should be compliant with BS 4142:2014+A1:2019 "Methods for rating and assessing industrial and commercial sound". The assessment should be conducted in accordance with appropriate national standards and guidelines and shall identify fully all control measures which are required to achieve suitable conditions and control the impact of the noise.

Text: CONDITIONS: (iii) Upon first installation, the plant and equipment shall be implemented in accordance with the approved NVIA and shall thereafter be operated in accordance with this document or any revised NVIA that is subsequently approved in writing by the local planning authority.

Text: CONDITIONS: (iv) Within one month of the plant and equipment within the plant zone being first brought into use, a verification report confirming the measures implemented shal be submitted to and approved in writing by the local planning authority.

Text: CONDITIONS: Reason: In the interests of residential amenity having regard to Policy L7 of the Trafford Core Strategy, and the National Planning Policy Framework.

Text: CONDITIONS: 5 No amplified, audio, speaker, relay system, or other music, shall be played externally at any time in the plant zone hereby permitted (as indicated on drawing no. 16322-120 Rev A).

Text: CONDITIONS: Reason: In the interest of residential amenity having regard to Policy L7 of the Trafford Core Strategy and the National Planning Policy Framework.

Text: CONDITIONS: APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: CONDITIONS: APFULZ

Text: CONDITIONS: stephenda

Text: INFORMATIVES: INFORMATIVES:

Text: INFORMATIVES: 1 The proposal complies with the development plan and would improve the economic, social and environmental conditions of the area. It therefore comprises sustainable development and the Local Planning Authority worked proactively and positively to issue the decision without delay.

Text: INFORMATIVES: 2 For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 4 of this permission does not necessarily imply that the installation of plant and equipment would not require a further planning permission. This would need to be considered further in relation to the specific details of the proposed plant and equipment.

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 Date of decision: 2nd May 2022

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 Head of Planning and Development Rebecca Coley

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 Note: This permission refers only to that under the Town and Country Planning Act and does not include any consent or approval under any other enactment, byelaw, order or regulation.

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 Please read notes provided

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 APFULZ

Text: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022 stephenda

Text: Town and Country Planning Act 1990 The Town and Country Planning (Development Management Procedure) England (Order) 2015 Town and Country Planning Act 1990 The Town and Country Planning (Development Management Procedure) England (Order) 2015

Text: 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State

Text: 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State If you are aggrieved by the decision of your local planning authority to refuse permission for the proposed development or to grant it subject to conditions, then you can appeal to the Secretary of State under section 78 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990.

Text: 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State If you want to appeal against your local planning authority’s decision then you must do so within 6 months of the date of this notice. However, if this is a decision to refuse planning permission and an enforcement notice has been served for the same or very similar development the time limit is:

Text: 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State Within 28 days from the date of the local planning authority’s decision if the enforcement notice was served before the decision was made yet not longer than 2 years before the application was made.

Text: 1. Appeals to the Secretary of State Within 28 days from the date the enforcement notice was served if served on or after the date the decision was made (unless this extends the normal appeal period).

Text: Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate. Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate.

Text: Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate. If you are unable to access the online appeal form, please contact the Planning Inspectorate to obtain a paper copy of the appeal form on tel: 0303 444 5000.

Text: Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate. The Secretary of State can allow a longer period for giving notice of an appeal, but he will not normally be prepared to use this power unless there are special circumstances which excuse the delay in giving notice of appeal.

Text: Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate. The Secretary of State need not consider an appeal if it seems to him that the local planning authority could not have granted planning permission for the proposed development or could not have granted it without the conditions they imposed, having regard to the statutory requirements, to the provisions of any development order and to any directions given under a development order. In practice, the Secretary of State does not refuse to consider appeals solely because the local Planning Authority based their decision on a direction given by him.

Text: Appeals can be made online at: https://www.gov.uk/planning-inspectorate. If you intend to submit an appeal that you would like examined by inquiry then you must notify the Local Planning Authority and Planning Inspectorate (inquiryappeals@planninginspectorate.gov.uk) at least 10 days before submitting the appeal. Further details are on GOV.UK.

Text: 2. Purchase Notices 2. Purchase Notices

Text: 2. Purchase Notices If either the local planning authority or the Secretary of State refused permission to develop land or grants it subjects to conditions, the owner may claim that he can neither put the land to a reasonably beneficial use in its existing state nor render the land capable of a reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of any development which has been or would be permitted.

Text: 2. Purchase Notices In these circumstances, the owner may serve a purchase notice on the Council (District Council, London Borough Council or Common Council of the City of the London) in whose area the land is situated. This notice will require the Council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with the provisions of Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990.

Text: 2. Purchase Notices 3. In certain circumstances a claim may be made against the Local Planning Authority for compensation, where permission is refused or granted subject to conditions by the Secretary of State on appeal or on a reference of the application to him. The circumstances in which such compensation is payable are set out in Section 114 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990.

Text: 2. Purchase Notices 4. Notice is given in accordance with Section 63. Greater Manchester Act 1981

Text: 2. Purchase Notices that consideration will be given to means of access for the Fire Brigade when plans are deposited for Building Regulations approval.

Text: 2. Purchase Notices APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: 2. Purchase Notices APFULZ

Text: 2. Purchase Notices stephenda

Text: 2. Purchase Notices Notes continued overleaf

Text: 2. Purchase Notices APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: 2. Purchase Notices APFULZ

Text: 2. Purchase Notices stephenda

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 If this permission relates to the provision of buildings or premises to which the public are to be admitted, with or without payment, or in which the public are employed: e.g. office, shop, factory, railway premises etc. or of an educational nature: e.g. university, hall of university, college, school, teacher training college etc. the applicants attention is drawn to the provisions and requirements of the above Acts.

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 A full list of buildings and premises involved will be found in Section 76 of the Act of 1990 and 83 of the Act of 1981.

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 It is the responsibility of the applicant to comply with the requirements of the Acts.

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 (a) The statutory requirements are those set out in section 79(6) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990 namely Sections 70 and 72(1) of the Act.

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 APPLICATION NUMBER – 107193/FUL/22

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 APFULZ

Text: 5. Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Disabled Persons Act 1981 stephenda

Image: Date of decision: 2nd May 2022