Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CHANGE OF USE & CONVERSION OF FORMER MEDICAL CENTRE INTO FIVE DWELLINGS FORMER MEDICAL CENTRE, ST. JOHNS RD, ALTRINCHAM

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN PLANNING APPLICATION REF. 101163/FUL/20

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN 18.08.2022

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN 18.08.2022

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CONTENTS SCOPE OF WORKS ................................................................................................................................................... 3 SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION .......................................................................................... 3 SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................ 3 SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS .................................................................................. 3 MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING .............................................. 4 WHEEL WASH FACILITY ..................................................................................................................................... 4 MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST .................................................................................................................... 4 EXCAVATION AND GROUND WORKS ............................................................................................................. 4 PROTECTION OF EXISTING TREES TO BE RETAINED .................................................................................... 5 RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK ........................................... 5 NOISE CONTROL ................................................................................................................................................. 5 APPENDIX ............................................................................................................................................................. 6

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN 2 | P a g e

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN PREPARED BY: MOUNT ACRE HOMES LIMITED 6-8 BOTANIC ROAD, CHURCHTOWN, UNITED KINGDOM PR9 7NG

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN 18.08.2022

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: SCOPE OF WORKS SCOPE OF WORKS

Text: SCOPE OF WORKS 1. The scheme involves the conversion and redevelopment of the former medical centre and associated land into five domestic houses. The works also include the formation of a shared driveway, associated car parking and landscaping to the five dwellings.

Text: SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION

Text: SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION 2. Working hours as follows:

Text: SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION Monday – Friday: Start 7:30am (with a restriction on the hours of operation heavy plant and machinery and major demolition and construction works until 8:00am) and finish at 6pm.

Text: SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION Saturday: Start 9:00am and finish at 1pm.

Text: SUITABLE HOURS OF CONSTRUCTION & DEMOLITION Sundays and Bank Holidays: No work to be undertaken.

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT 2.1 Contact details of site manager to be advertised at the site in case of issues arising.

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT 2.2 The development shall be implemented in accordance with the approved CEMP.

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT 2.3 Fires on site are prohibited and no fires shall be permitted on site during demolition and construction works.

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT 2.4 The site perimeter has been established and securely protected with new, good quality security fencing. Signage will be added to the fencing to communicate appropriate health and safety notices (including site manager contact details), company branding and describe the forthcoming scheme.

Text: SITE SET UP & SITE MANAGEMENT 2.5 The existing site area is predominantly tarmacked and provides hardstanding for site vehicles, storage of materials and a site welfare and storage cabins.

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS 3.1 Where possible designated parking bays will be provided for visitor and contractor vehicles on the sites hard standing to reduce the need for any on street parking. Furthermore, where possible, workers will be asked to lift share to minimize the number of vehicles visiting the site. Parking not satisfied on site will be situated directly on the road Infront of the property within the marked car parking spaces.

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS 3.2 All materials and plant will be stored within the fenced site area. Weather vulnerable materials such as cement and equipment will be stored in a secure cabin. Valuable plant and materials will be concealed to deter trespass and theft.

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS 3 | P a g e

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS PREPARED BY: MOUNT ACRE HOMES LIMITED 6-8 BOTANIC ROAD, CHURCHTOWN, UNITED KINGDOM PR9 7NG

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS 18.08.2022

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING

Text: MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING 4.1 Access to the site during the demolition and construction phases will be provided via gates affronting St. Johns Rd. Please see appendix for proposed plans.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING 4.2 Delivery / tipper wagons will be accompanied onto and from the site by a banksman who will be in advance of the wagons at all times. Generally deliveries will be by smaller wagons and the contractor will make merchants aware of the use of the St. Johns Road Entrance when arranging deliveries.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF VEHICLE ACCESS, EGRESS, LOADING & UNLOADING 4.3 In recognition of sensitive traffic flows on St. Johns Road arising from its proximity to two schools, material removal and delivery vehicle movements, when possible, will be limited to the hours between 09:30 – 2:20pm.

Text: WHEEL WASH FACILITY WHEEL WASH FACILITY

Text: WHEEL WASH FACILITY 5.1 Prior to leaving the site, vehicles will be inspected and if necessary wheels will be washed on the hard standing using a hose pipe and brush.

Text: WHEEL WASH FACILITY 5.2 The contractor will continually monitor the condition of the highway and utilize a road sweeper when required.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.1 If dust emissions are generated during a dry period the contractor will use water spray to wet the material and suppress the dust.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.2 The site manager will take account of weather conditions and prevailing wind direction when organising operations to prevent and minimise dust nuisance to neighbouring properties.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.3 All site staff will be made aware of the Dust Management Strategy.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.4 The site’s existing tarmac surface will be retained as long as feasibly possible during construction to provide a good, clean working platform and prevent road contamination.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.5 In the event of a complaint form a neighbouring property in respect of dust their concerns will be considered and action taken to prevent future occurrence.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.6 All site staff will have appropriate PPE to protect them from the effects of dust.

Text: MANAGEMENT OF DIRT & DUST 6.7 The contractor will continually monitor the condition of the highway and utilize a road sweeper when required.

Text: EXCAVATION AND GROUND WORKS EXCAVATION AND GROUND WORKS

Text: Underground Services Underground Services

Text: Underground Services 7.1 Prior to commencing excavations, the site area will be checked for overhead and underground services.

Text: Underground Services 7.2 Service plans from Utility providers will be reviewed and the site area checked over using a locating device.

Text: Underground Services 4 | P a g e

Text: Underground Services PREPARED BY: MOUNT ACRE HOMES LIMITED 6-8 BOTANIC ROAD, CHURCHTOWN, UNITED KINGDOM PR9 7NG

Text: Underground Services 18.08.2022

Text: Underground Services Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: Underground Services Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: Underground Services 7.3 Once identified, service routes will be clearly marked. If markings are lost during the working operation the exercise will be repeated to ensure service routes remain clearly marked as required for the duration of the works.

Text: Underground Services 7.4 Works will be undertaken in accordance with the HSE Guidance Document, Avoiding danger from underground services.

Text: Excavations Excavations

Text: Excavations 7.5 Excavation with a depth exceeding 1m, will be suitably shored and the shoring maintained. Said excavations will be inspected regularly and excess groundwater pumped out regularly during inclement weather. Furthermore, vehicle plant will be kept a safe working distance from excavations to prevent potential collapse and no site operatives will work below an excavator. Protective barriers will be set out around excavated areas to prevent site operatives, visitors and trespassers from falling.

Text: PROTECTION OF EXISTING TREES TO BE RETAINED PROTECTION OF EXISTING TREES TO BE RETAINED

Text: PROTECTION OF EXISTING TREES TO BE RETAINED 8.1 Heras fencing will be positioned around trees to prevent site operations affecting root and branch growth etc. This will be carried out in accordance with the guidance set out in the arboricultural assessment report.

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK 9.1 In respect of the construction work, the following measures have been identified to minimise the quantity of waste produced during this project:

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK 9.2 The experienced site manager will be responsible for identifying and segregating waste on site.

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK 9.3 All construction waste will be deposited in skips and dealt with by a skip management company.

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK 9.4 Certain materials arising from demolition such as slate and stone will be segregated, preserved and re- used in future construction.

Text: RECYCLING & DISPOSING OF WASTE RESULTING CONSTRUCTION WORK 9.5 Environmental Services Ltd have undertaken an asbestos survey of all structures on the site. Following this, areas present with or presumed to have asbestos within the building were remediated during the strip out stage of works by an appropriately trained person in accordance with Control of Asbestos Regulations 2012 - as per Environmental Services Ltd’s asbestos survey.

Text: NOISE CONTROL NOISE CONTROL

Text: NOISE CONTROL 10.1 Whilst working on site the contractor will adhere to the recommendations of BS 5228 -1:2009 ‘Code of practice for noise and vibration control on construction and open sites – Part: Noise’ to minimize noise levels during the execution of the Works.

Text: NOISE CONTROL 10.2 Piling works will be carried out using Giken ‘Silent & Vibrationless’ Pile Pressing methods. Conventionally prefabricated sheet piles have been hammered or vibrated into the ground and generate excessive noise and vibration. Giken has developed the reaction-based press-in machine the "Silent Piler" and established the "Press-in Method" based on the principle of non-pollutive pile installation. In practical terms, the Silent Piler grasps previously installed piles and derives reaction force from the negative skin friction and interlock resistance of these reaction piles. This reaction force provides press-in force to hydraulically jack subsequent piles into the ground. Since the piles are

Text: NOISE CONTROL 5 | P a g e

Text: NOISE CONTROL PREPARED BY: MOUNT ACRE HOMES LIMITED 6-8 BOTANIC ROAD, CHURCHTOWN, UNITED KINGDOM PR9 7NG

Text: NOISE CONTROL 18.08.2022

Text: NOISE CONTROL Former Medical Centre, St. Johns Road, Altrincham

Text: NOISE CONTROL Planning Reference no: 101163/FUL/20

Text: NOISE CONTROL pressed-in, the Silent Piler does not cause any damage to the environment including neighboring structures and local residents through noise and vibration. The Press-in Method allows pile installation in areas where environmental disruption is strictly precluded.

Text: NOISE CONTROL 10.3 There is mains power supplying the site and no generators will be used.

Text: NOISE CONTROL 10.4 The close proximity of residential housing has been noted and there will be no operation of heavy plant etc. outside normal working hours of 8.00am – 5.30pm, furthermore material removal and delivery vehicle movements will be limited to the hours between 09:30 – 2:20pm.

Text: NOISE CONTROL APPENDIX

Text: NOISE CONTROL 11.1 Construction & Environmental Management Plan

Text: NOISE CONTROL Tree Protection

Text: NOISE CONTROL Loading Bay

Text: NOISE CONTROL Site Welfare / Storage Cabins

Text: NOISE CONTROL On Site Car

Text: NOISE CONTROL Parking

Text: NOISE CONTROL Vehicle Access

Text: NOISE CONTROL Water

Text: NOISE CONTROL 6 | P a g e

Text: NOISE CONTROL PREPARED BY: MOUNT ACRE HOMES LIMITED 6-8 BOTANIC ROAD, CHURCHTOWN, UNITED KINGDOM PR9 7NG

Header: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Header: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Header: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Header: Underground Services CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Header: NOISE CONTROL CONSTRUCTION & ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN

Image: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN

Image: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN

Image: CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT PLAN

Image: SITE PARKING & STORAGE OF PLANT & MATERIALS

Image: Underground Services

Image: NOISE CONTROL

Image: NOISE CONTROL