Text: Community Infrastructure Levy (CIL) - Determining whether a Development may be CIL Liable Community Infrastructure Levy (CIL) - Determining whether a Development may be CIL Liable

Text: Planning Application Additional Information Requirement form Planning Application Additional Information Requirement form

Text: Planning Application Additional Information Requirement form Following the introduction of the Community Infrastructure Levy (CIL) all applicants for full planning permission, including householder applications and reserved matters following an outline planning permission, and applicants for lawful development certificates are required to provide the following information. Please read the associated Guidance Notes before you complete the form. Notes on the questions are provided at

    http://www.planningportal.gov.uk/uploads/1app/cil_guidance.pdf

Text: Planning Application Additional Information Requirement form Please complete the form using block capitals and black ink and send to the Charging Authority (or Collecting Authority if this differs from the Charging Authority).

Text: Planning Application Additional Information Requirement form See Planning Practice Guidance for CIL for guidance on CIL generally, including exemption or relief.

Text: 1. Application Details 1. Application Details

Text: 1. Application Details Applicant or Agent Name: Mr &amp; Mrs Daniel &amp; Jane Reik Planning Portal Reference (if applicable): PP-11428097 Local authority planning application number (if allocated): N/A Site Address: 95 Oldfield Road  Altrincham  WA14 4BL Description of development: Proposed two storey and single storey rear extension and associated alterations. Does the application relate to minor material changes to an existing planning permission (is it a Section 73 application)? Yes No Please enter the application number:  If yes, please go to Question 3 . If no, please continue to Question 2 .

Text: 1. Application Details Page 1 of 5

Text: 2. Liability for CIL 2. Liability for CIL

Text: 2. Liability for CIL Does your development include: a) New build floorspace (including extensions and replacement) of 100 sq ms or above?

Text: 2. Liability for CIL Yes No

Text: 2. Liability for CIL b) Proposals for one or more new dwellings either through conversion or new build (except the conversion of a single dwelling house into two or more separate dwellings)?

Text: 2. Liability for CIL Yes No

Text: 2. Liability for CIL c) None of the above

Text: 2. Liability for CIL Yes No

Text: 2. Liability for CIL If you answered yes to either a) or b) please go to Question 4 . If you answered yes to c), please go to 8. Declaration at the end of the form.

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission a) Does this application involve a change in the amount or use of new build floorspace, where the total floorspace, including that previously granted planning permission, is over 100 sq m?

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission Yes No

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission b) Does this application involve a change in the amount of floorspace where one or more new dwellings are proposed, either through conversion or new build (except the conversion of a single dwelling house into two or more separate dwellings)?

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission Yes No

Text: 3. Applications for Minor Material Changes to an Existing Planning Permission If you answered yes to either a) or b) please go to Question 4 . If you answered no to both a) and b), please go to 8. Declaration at the end of the form.

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief 4. Exemption or Relief

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief a) Is the site owned by a charity where the development will be wholly or mainly for charitable purposes, and the development will be either occupied by or under the control of a charitable institution?

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief Yes No

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief b) Does the proposed development include affordable housing which qualifies for mandatory or discretionary Social Housing relief?

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief Yes No

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief If you answered Yes to a) or b), please note that you will need to complete and have agreed CIL Form 2 - 'Claiming Exemption or Relief', and submitted a Commencement (of development) Notice to the Charging/Collecting Authority, which the Authority must receive prior to the commencement of your development, in order to benefit from relief from the levy. You will also need to complete CIL Form 2 if you think you are eligible for discretionary charitable relief, or exceptional circumstances relief, if this is available in your area. Please check the Charging Authority's website for details. CIL Form 2 is available from www.planningportal.gov.uk/cil

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief c) Do you wish to claim a self build exemption for a whole new home?

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief Yes No

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief If you have answered yes to c) please also complete a CIL Form 7 - 'Self Build Exemption Claim Form: Part 1' available from www.planningportal.gov.uk/cil . Please note you will need to complete and have agreed CIL Form 7, and submitted a Commencement (of development) Notice to the Charging/Collecting Authority, which the Authority must receive prior to the commencement of your development, in order to benefit from relief from the levy.

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief d) Do you wish to claim a self build exemption for a residential annex or extension?

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief Yes No

Text: 4. Exemption or Relief If you have answered yes to d) please also complete either CIL Form 8 - 'Self Build Residential Annex Exemption Claim Form' or CIL Form 9 - 'Self Build Extension Exemption Claim Form' available from www.planningportal.gov.uk/cil . Please note you will need to complete and have agreed either CIL Form 8 or 9, as appropriate, and submitted a Commencement (of development) Notice to the Charging/Collecting Authority, which the Authority, in respect of a residential annex, must receive prior to the commencement of your development, in order to benefit from relief from the levy.

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications 5. Reserved Matters Applications

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications Does this application relate to details or reserved matters pursuant to an application that was granted planning permission prior to the introduction of the CIL charge in the relevant local authority area?

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications Yes No

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications Please enter the application number:

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications If you answered yes, please go to 8. Declaration at the end of the form. If you answered no, please continue to complete the form.

Text: 5. Reserved Matters Applications Page 2 of 5

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace 6. Proposed New Floorspace

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace a) Does your application involve new residential floorspace (including new dwellings, extensions, conversions/changes of use, garages, basements or any other buildings ancillary to residential use)?

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace N.B. conversion of a single dwelling house into two or more separate dwellings (without extending them) is NOT liable for CIL. If this is the sole purpose of your development proposal, answer ‘no’ to Question 2b and go straight to the declaration at Question 8.

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace Yes No

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace If yes, please complete the table in section 6c) below, providing the requested information, including the floorspace relating to new dwellings, extensions, conversions, garages or any other buildings ancillary to residential use.

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace b) Does your application involve new non-residential floorspace ?

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace Yes No

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace If yes, please complete the table in section 6c) below, using the information provided for Question 18 on your planning application form. c) Proposed floorspace:

Text: 6. Proposed New Floorspace Development type (i) Existing gross internal floorspace (square metres) (ii) Gross internal floorspace to be lost by change of use or demolition (square metres) (iii) Total gross internal floorspace proposed (including change of use, basements, and ancillary buildings) (square metres) (iv) Net additional gross internal floorspace following development (square metres) (iv) = (iii) - (ii) Market Housing (if known) Social Housing, including shared ownership housing (if known) Total residential floorspace Total non-residential floorspace Total floorspace

Text: 7. Existing Buildings 7. Existing Buildings

Text: 7. Existing Buildings a) How many existing buildings on the site will be retained, demolished or partially demolished as part of the development proposed?

Text: 7. Existing Buildings Number of buildings:

Text: 7. Existing Buildings b) Please state for each existing building/part of an existing building that is to be retained or demolished, the gross internal floorspace that is to be retained and/or demolished and whether all or part of each building has been in use for a continuous period of at least six months within the past thirty six months. Any existing buildings into which people do not usually go or only go into intermittently for the purposes of inspecting or maintaining plant or machinery, or which were granted temporary planning permission should not be included here, but should be included in the table in question 7c).

Text: 7. Existing Buildings Brief description of existing building/part of existing building to be retained or demolished. Gross internal area (sq ms) to be retained. Proposed use of retained floorspace. Gross internal area (sq ms) to be demolished. Was the building or part of the building occupied for its lawful use for 6 continuous months of the 36 previous months (excluding temporary permissions)? When was the building last occupied for its lawful use? Please enter the date (dd/mm/yyyy) or tick still in use. 1    Yes No Date:  or Still in use: 2    Yes No Date:  or Still in use: 3    Yes No Date:  or Still in use: 4    Yes No Date:  or Still in use: Total floorspace

Text: 7. Existing Buildings Page 3 of 5

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued 7. Existing Buildings continued

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued c) Does your proposal include the retention, demolition or partial demolition of any whole buildings into which people do not usually go or only go into intermittently for the purposes of inspecting or maintaining plant or machinery, or which were granted planning permission for a temporary period ? If yes, please complete the following table:

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued Brief description of existing building (as per above description) to be retained or demolished. Gross internal area (sq ms) to be retained Proposed use of retained floorspace Gross internal area (sq ms) to be demolished 1 2 3 4 Total floorspace into which people do not normally go, only go intermittently to inspect or maintain plant or machinery, or which was granted temporary planning permission

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued d) If your development involves the conversion of an existing building, will you be creating a new mezzanine floor within the existing building?

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued e) If Yes, how much of the gross internal floorspace proposed will be created by the mezzanine floor (sq ms)?

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued Use Mezzanine floorspace (sq ms)

Text: 7. Existing Buildings continued Page 4 of 5

Text: 8. Declaration 8. Declaration

Text: 8. Declaration I/we confirm that the details given are correct. Name:

Text: 8. Declaration STEVE BUCKLEY - STEVE BUCKLEY - SMB DESIGNS CHSHIRE LTD

Text: 8. Declaration Date (DD/MM/YYYY). Date cannot be pre-application:

Text: 8. Declaration 25/07/2022

Text: 8. Declaration It is an offence for a person to knowingly or recklessly supply information which is false or misleading in a material respect to a collecting or charging authority in response to a requirement under the Community Infrastructure Levy Regulations (2010) as amended (regulation 110, SI 2010/948). A person guilty of an offence under this regulation may face unlimited fines, two years imprisonment, or both. For local authority use only App. No:

Text: 8. Declaration Page 5 of 5

Checkbox: 7. Existing Buildings continuedQUESTION:d) If your development involves the conversion of an existing building, will you be creating a new mezzanine floor within the existing building? ANSWER:None